[Music]
so the old boring shift too much dad's
it's like a puncture one boys cross town
just caught two more bodies said both
had some kind of a mark on their neck
three reign and victims at the times of
death of minutes apart bodies of miles
apart has that worked
[Music]
hello Thomas what do you say is this
where it happens
today marks the nine year anniversary of
the Market Street murders and a still
unidentified suspect detective Walker
yes hello we mean seven again
you guys got to see this Philly PD it
seems woman nice to see you again
she gets 25 by training nine years later
she's back she is priority number one
for all law enforcement agencies you
have to stop chasing me I'm doing all
this for a reason
[Music]
you have no idea what's coming
if you kill me now the world as you know
it will end
you